Update Fleet Server install docs to match UI (#216)
elastic/ingest-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/fleet/add-fleet-server-on-prem.asciidoc

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/add-fleet-server-advanced.png[In-product instructions for adding a {fleet-server} in advanced mode]

. Step through the in-product instructions to configure and install {fleet-server}.
+
[NOTE]
====
* The fields to configure {fleet-server} hosts are not available if the hosts
are already configured outside of {fleet}. For more information, refer to 
{kibana-ref}/fleet-settings-kb.html[{fleet} settings in {kib}].
* When using the *Advanced* option, it's recommended to generate a unique service
token for each {fleet-server}. For other ways to generate service tokens, refer to
{ref}/service-tokens-command.html[`elasticsearch-service-tokens`].
* If you've configured a non-default port for {fleet-server} in the 
{fleet-server} integration, you need to include the `--fleet-server-host` and 
`--fleet-server-port` options in the `elastic-agent install` command. Refer to the 
{fleet-guide}/elastic-agent-cmd-options.html#elastic-agent-install-command[install command documentation]

> for details.

Author: @lucabelluccini, here's the note that I added to address [your comment](https://github.com/elastic/ingest-docs/issues/99#issuecomment-1506176447) in the parent issue. Please let me know if I didn't get it right. :-)

![Screenshot 2023-05-16 at 6 22 09 PM](https://github.com/elastic/ingest-docs/assets/41695641/783007ec-f503-4f32-9274-50eea925ef44)

====
+
At the *Install Fleet Server to a centralized host* step, 
the `elastic-agent install` command installs an {agent} as a managed service
and enrolls it in a {fleet-server} policy. For more {fleet-server} commands, refer
to the {fleet-guide}/elastic-agent-cmd-options.html[{agent} command reference].
+
. If installation is successful, a confirmation indicates that {fleet-server}
is set up and connected.

After {fleet-server} is installed and enrolled in {fleet}, the newly created 
{fleet-server} policy is applied. You can see this on the {fleet-server} policy page.

> The {fleet-server} agent will also show up on the main {fleet} page as another agent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {fleet-server} agent also shows up on the main {fleet} page as another agent
```

whose life-cycle can be managed (like other agents in the deployment).

You can update your {fleet-server} configuration in {kib} at any time
by going to: *Management* -> *{fleet}* -> *Settings*. From there you can:

** Update the {fleet-server} host URL.

> ** Configure additional outputs where agents will send data.
> ** Specify the location from where agents will download binaries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Configure additional outputs where agents should send data.
** Specify the location from where agents should download binaries.
```

Reviewer: Minor comments on tense to align with other fixes
